I am waiting for a repairman to come and
fix my frigerator they gave me the
window of 11 am-4 p.m. Oh stuck inside
and of course of course you're really
going to come at the end of the day will
even miss it because it's been so long
time coming I'm so hungry so I'm going
to people beautiful day outside it gotta
get out for a second crowd some food I
can try too fast of course the moment I
leave she's probably going to come
Russian way like worth a try I'm gonna
do it
[Music]
such a beautiful day out there you can
tell by how funny it is my apartment
I've missed that son got the food no
refrigerator guy it when I'm feeling
healthy and I need something quick i
basically eat from three different
places in New York City so if you're
ever in New York City and you see a
quick bite but not just a quick bite
like a healthy bite I either go to my
number one is always sweet green and
then right behind sweet green I go to
roast kitchen and right after that I go
to choose press next week yours kitchen
because they're like mules for what you
get in between the 10 to 13 dollar range
they're like bold and salads
deliciousness and then juice press of
course is always healthy and they always
have great juices and smoothies but when
you pay like ten to twelve dollars for a
juice you kind of feel I don't know you
feel like you didn't get as much value
as you paid for I'm actually pretty
hungry so today I just plan it all out I
actually got FS too so it's still pretty
chilly even though it feels it was funny
let's soup and this is immunity I
typically get called the green light can
get it with almond butter and cinnamon
it's just nice and green good and I'm
look oh they were giving my three fancy
water water plus rose oh my gosh what
even is this we've ever had fancy water
with what life I want rose in my water
okay taste test make romance and love a
state of mind by hydrating yourself with
one hundred percent natural Rose infused
water do you know why they're doing this
because it's Valentine's Day that's why
they were giving this out for you okay
water plus roads test water touch
oh god no no no no no no no no no no no
I feel like I just tasted like perfume
why would anyone do this to war yeah
that episode of spongebob we're like
SpongeBob and Patrick like slow motion
running through the perfume aisle at the
mall and like they have masks on and
they're dying I feel like that scene
just like happened in my mouth anyways
one hour left how are normal people
supposed to deal with just like five to
six hour window I am lucky enough I can
stay put and edit forever and answer
email Trevor from my apartment but like
neural people have nine to five let me
take a day off of vacation just so they
can get their refrigerator repaired I
lost my s not just some coals I've been
a snapping today with them whoops I
found them I'm snapping you right now
vlog say hi today is Valentine's Day
happy Valentine's Day you know who you
are and but I I have a message of love
for you anyone who watches my videos I
love you I'm going to a fancy
Valentine's Day party tonight it will be
interesting just mean this guy to come
fix my fridge when get ready for it the
invitation said dress spicy okay I don't
have any spicy attired like good Lords
there let's step it up a little bit
higher you know and here i am again
signing myself and all black so maybe if
the memo was like sexy funeral I
definitely fit in owned by the way my
first is fixed the guy came at four
thirty so yay
[Music]
highs by there if you blocked off
because of the truck building
under construction now it
[Music]
it's all recorded by him how he was not
everyone has amazing
I
thank you
ah
[Music]
of course okay it's Valentine's Day you
have any advice for the Internet rules
any like love advice for my audience out
there yes I do have to decide okay all
our that is young Millennials uterus out
there I would advise oh just a matter
for one that is not that's amazing those
very words thank you for having me my
guess is there i miss are you okay we
have to keep throwing parties being
killed my wife is Arthur Camaro
same family if you're new or have no
idea allison is a dear friend of mine
such a beautiful full she is always
throwing these amazing price but I first
met her when I moved up to New York she
is actually someone who helped me a lot
and offered a spare bedroom for me to
stay in while I found a apartment in New
York City and so we just kind of met via
the interwebs I know it sounds sketchy
but her and her son had you know watch
my youtube channel before and she
reached out kind of the rest is history
and she is one of the sweetest most
generous people ever and last night was
awesome it's time to show you what I've
been wanting to show you for a couple
weeks ever since this package has come
in because guess what guess what did it
a data this is saying but I say bye say
bye to the peachy tapestry so this is
kind of like a temporary thing until I
figured out what I wanted to do with
this the Swedish company does video
design you does it design you they make
sick prints to hang upon your rolls and
stuff and it's a dope whoops I need to
check it out but they sent me some
prints on this wall I think it's gonna
bring the room together to salute but
surely I am getting this new york city
apartment serials i'm going to put those
up but but but but if you dig them now
you're actually giving me a discount
code that you can use DG 25 and yes if
you're wondering they're paying me to
say say this but it doesn't change the
size of these prints or dope and you
should cop one
Oh awkward I don't have actually any
nail amazing to hang them up but I
already love love what like I love the
peachy drapes name but has this are you
look so much more clean New York cause
duh New York and that font is just so
clean and that's the top of like ocean
waves but it's peach colors I just looks
clean I like that I like that a lot yeah
I'm just headed sitting hitting hitting
sitting care sitting here editing
my life away just livin livin the life I
hope you guys had a great day I hope you
have the best week ever is going to be
some sick stuff coming at your face I
see you on Friday for another video if
you're not a part of the peachy fan make
sure you hit that subscribe button we
welcome you we want all the peoples we
like all of the people so you should
join ya later if you like this video
subscribe button down below and until
next time keep killin it no stay peachy
ok bye and remember guys if you want
some dope a ass posters go ahead and
check out the link down on description
below i'm just i'm slightly of such
disease whose are pretty fresh and
they're so reasonably priced it's insane
think you're really going to dig'em
let's throw pillows q is really like
this